wwwroot\css\about.css
wwwroot\css\AdminGiriş.css
wwwroot\css\AdminPanel.css
wwwroot\css\FAQ.css
wwwroot\css\index.css
wwwroot\css\Profile.css
wwwroot\css\reservation.css
wwwroot\css\singın.css
wwwroot\css\singup.css
wwwroot\css\site.css
wwwroot\css\smsverification.css
wwwroot\favicon.ico
wwwroot\js\site.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\LICENSE
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.map
wwwroot\lib\jquery\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\LICENSE.md
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\media\1984.jpg
wwwroot\media\A Tale of Two Cities.jpg
wwwroot\media\Adsız tasarım.png
wwwroot\media\Animal Farm.jpg
wwwroot\media\book_operations (1).png
wwwroot\media\bookworld.png
wwwroot\media\Brave New World.jpg
wwwroot\media\Catch-22.jpg
wwwroot\media\Crime and Punishment.jpg
wwwroot\media\Don Quixote.jpg
wwwroot\media\Dorian Gray.jpg
wwwroot\media\Dracula.jpg
wwwroot\media\Fahrenheit 451.jpg
wwwroot\media\france.png
wwwroot\media\Frankenstein.jpg
wwwroot\media\germany.png
wwwroot\media\image-1.jpeg
wwwroot\media\image-2.jpeg
wwwroot\media\Jane Eyre.jpg
wwwroot\media\kitaplogo.png
wwwroot\media\Les Misérables.jpg
wwwroot\media\logo1.png
wwwroot\media\member_operations (1).png
wwwroot\media\Moby-Dick.jpg
wwwroot\media\One Hundred Years of Solitude.jpg
wwwroot\media\pexels-photo-2553425.webp
wwwroot\media\photo4.webp
wwwroot\media\Pride and Prejudice.jpg
wwwroot\media\profil.png
wwwroot\media\reservation operations.png
wwwroot\media\Slaughterhouse-Five.jpg
wwwroot\media\SWE (1).png
wwwroot\media\tarihçe.png
wwwroot\media\The Alchemist.jpg
wwwroot\media\The Brothers Karamazov.jpg
wwwroot\media\The Catcher in the Rye.jpg
wwwroot\media\The Divine Comedy.jpg
wwwroot\media\The Grapes of Wrath.jpg
wwwroot\media\The Great Gatsby.jpg
wwwroot\media\The Hobbit.jpg
wwwroot\media\The Kite Runner.jpg
wwwroot\media\The Lord of the Rings.jpg
wwwroot\media\The Odyssey.jpg
wwwroot\media\The Road.jpg
wwwroot\media\The Shining.jpg
wwwroot\media\The Stranger.jpg
wwwroot\media\To Kill a Mockingbird.jpg
wwwroot\media\united-kingdom.png
wwwroot\media\world.png
wwwroot\media\Wuthering Heights.jpg
